My name is Ángel Santaliestra Fierro.
I studied medicine and surgery
at the Central University
and the Hospital Clinic of Barcelona.
Childbirth is awe-inspiring.
For example, when a mother’s efforts
culminate in childbirth,
that intimate bond formed
between a mother and her baby
is something
I will never get tired of seeing,
even though
I’ve witnessed it dozens of times.
I was born into a devout Catholic family.
From the moment
I started studying at the university,
everything I learned was
in favor of evolution.
These studies impacted me,
even though I didn’t have
a strong foundation in evolution.
But deep inside me,
I believed in evolution,
but I didn’t have much
of an alternative.
Perhaps my own selfishness
was also to blame
because I didn’t have to answer
to God for my conduct.
I could do things
that I had been told as a boy were forbidden,
and so the figure of God
slowly began
to crumble in my mind.
I read a book entitled
Life—How Did It Get Here?
By Evolution or by Creation?
Well, I read through the whole book
that very same day,
and I saw so much evidence
that I immediately wanted to show
the book to my colleagues at the hospital.
At the time, I was still finishing
my specialized training in pediatrics.
Some of them called me a heretic!
For me, that book marked the beginning
of my belief
in an alternative
to the theory of evolution.
We all started,
both you and I,
every single human being,
as a single cell.
But this single cell did not
just produce a human.
It also produced the placenta.
For a mother,
it’s foreign tissue,
and yet it allows her
to transfer all the life
and potential she has
to her unborn child.
This is truly amazing!
It must have required a lot
for somebody
to have designed something like this.
This encourages me
to believe that a Creator exists.
I can only conclude
that it is worth the effort
to spend time
getting to know
the person who designed it.